---
title: aaaaaaaaa
categories: diary
tags: happiness
---
Last night I couldn't sleep. I was exhausted, but my mind was just stuck on lots of worries, mainly college. I ended up writing down notes on what I could put on my college application even. I didn't wake up in time for band, and went to bbq chicken rly drained. Even still, I am thankful for today :)

Today I helped my grandma figure out her new iPad a little, a windows laptop really wasn't cutting it. She only watches kdramas, so an iPad is all she needs. It's pretty amazing to me how many of the elderly don't really understand basic functions of technology, and that really just has to do with the lack of support that the elderly have for tech. I'll probably end up writing a few articles on how to use certain devices on here.

I made a good amount of tip at work today, but this one guy that is supposed to work with me always comes in late and I end up having to pick up his slack. I'm kinda frusturated about that. I hope that he would just come in on time so that we can have a smooth work session. On top of that, he is pretty lazy and doesn't really put in the effort to make things easier for me. Even the kitchen sees it, and rewards me with 1 extra piece of chicken every time for my meal lOl.

I'm pretty full right now, not sure why given that I only ate a plate of chicken and a little rice for dinner. I think it's all that KBBQ from yesterday.

I just went out at around 10 to see my friends and to just hang out. I had a lot of fun! We went to a Karaoke Lounge a little after, and it was good times. I'm logging off now!

**Song of the Day To You by Seotaiji and the Boys**