---
title: coomer doomer
categories: diary
tags: happiness coding
---
I didn't have any pictures to share today, sorry if it seems a little blank :/. Anyways, my day was "ok". I say that a lot but I really think I should start saying "great" more, because then people won't ask "why just ok?"

Today I worked out a little, and spent the rest of the day doing some homework, eating dinner, and coding. I've been working on my api project [skinet](https://github.com/zekekim/skinet) and I ran into so many problems today, many of which is because I use SQL Server.

Not sure, but I kept getting that `the instance of the entity can't be tracked due to another entity of the same id being tracked`. It has to do something with the entity's framework and the seed data the tutorial I'm following provided:

{% highlight json %}
{
    "Name": "Angular Speedster Board 2000",
    "Description": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Maecenas porttitor congue massa. Fusce posuere, magna sed pulvinar ultricies, purus lectus malesuada libero, sit amet commodo magna eros quis urna.",
    "Price": 200,
    "PictureUrl": "images/products/sb-ang1.png",
    "ProductTypeId": 1,
    "ProductBrandId": 1
},
{% endhighlight %}

There's a sample entity, and of course the Id can't be tracked if there is none provided, so I'm just a little stumped at this point, even after adding an Id attribute it still isn't working. EF Migrations are annoying to work with.

Things have a really steep learning curve, and I sometimes overestimate myself saying I can do this in a week, or a month, or whatever but I end up taking wayyyy longer, and usually that's how long people say it takes.

Music has been pretty bland to me lately, I hope it hits harder when Fall comes around. I think everything feels better then.

I hope I wake up tomorrow for my job at 6:30 AM. hahahhahahhaaah....

**Song of the Day: Blessed by Daniel Caesar** 
