---
title: reflections on purpose
categories: diary
tags: happiness religion
---

Wow. What a year. Honestly, I feel like I've grown so much as a person in character and in spirit. I'm even more aware of my shortcomings now than ever and thats making reality even more sobering. This past week I attended my church's retreat for the youth, and I had so much fun. Recently I have been thinking a lot about where I am with religion and how that affects my day to day life, and at this retreat I received more confirmation of what I should be doing.

I used to live in recognition of God, but an ignorance altogether about his power in my life. I thought that I really got to where I was alone, and God was never in the picture. I always heard that "everything is by God's grace" but until this week it never really hit. I was always so stuck up in my belief that I am truly one of the smartest people alive *lol* and that God really has done nothing but drag me down.

The wisdom that my parents have tried to speak into my life throughout my life has just made more and more sense as well, and I am beginning to deeply reflect on myself. Thank you parents XD. I want to want a relationship with God, and I hope that God will give me the strength to pursue it fully. As I continue to write on this blog, I want to see myself grow in ways that I have never before in this past year, and attain goals through the grace of God. I am so much more aware of my ability to fall into dark thoughts, and I hope that I don't indulge in them.

In the future I plan to write about my struggles with letting things go and letting God in. I know that it will be hard and I am not fully prepared to fight this fight, but I will try a new thing - letting God do it for me.

> My son, do not despise the Lord’s discipline, and do not resent his rebuke, because the Lord disciplines those he loves, as a father the son he delights in. *Proverbs 3:12*

**Song of the Day MERRY-GO-ROUND by sokodomo, Zion.T, and Wonstein**