---
title: ephesians 4
categories: devotional
tags: religion
---

Thank you God for today, and everything that you have prepared for me today.

In Ephesians 4, Paul instructs the church in Ephesus to live according to God's word. The part that most stuck to me was the part about bitterness and malice. Do not live bitterly, and in your anger do not sin, since God has forgiven us we must live compassionately and full of Joy.

> 25 Therefore each of you must put off falsehood and speak truthfully to your neighbor, for we are all members of one body. 26“In your anger do not sin” Do not let the sun go down while you are still angry, 27 and do not give the devil a foothold. Ephesians 4:25-27

What an amazing verse. There are so many times that I brood in my bitterness for days on end, I feel hurt and justified to feel some sort of angry. This person has wronged me! But, God teaches us that we need not be angry for days on end. Anger is a gateway for sin to enter our lives. That feeling of injustification and bitterness only turns to selfishness, and a desire to do things in order to please oneself.

> Instead, speaking the truth in love, we will grow to become in every respect the mature body of him who is the head, that is, Christ. Ephesians 4:15

This is what makes me so happy about Christianity. The fact that ultimately, I will be sharing this Christian walk with so many others. That I am not alone, and there are so many people feeling and desiring the same things as me, yet choosing God every time. Please help me to run to these people in my time of need.

**Prayer**

Dear God, thank you for my morning, and the fact that I can wake up to yet another day. I thank you for being there for me in my life, even when I did not even notice. God please help me to really once again seek out being appreciative of others and putting an intentional effort. I feel like lately I have not been as pronounced with my thankfulness, really convict me of how much these people love me and put effort into me, and may your love shine upon them through me. I also wanted to pray that you give me the strength to start living a healthier life with a daily regiment. It's really hard for me because I feel like I have never been disciplined in that way, but I know that it will be better for me and my walk for God even. Lastly I wanted to pray to ask for the desire to get to know you God. This will be an everyday prayer and a prayer I will pray for the rest of my days, because ultimately God everything comes from you, and that desire included. Please help me to want you.