---
title: psalms 19
categories: devotional
tags: religion
---

Sometimes I forget that God's word can be really beautiful. This passage made me smile, and really appreciate the day today. I think that the truth of God is something that I can't really understand, but I want to. Everything that it sounds like is amazing here, that it is refreshing, that it is right, that it is radiant and gives light. I am so thankful that the creator of the World wants to see me, and he knows me. He loves me more than I will ever love anything, and I just find that so astounding. Why do I find it almost impossible that he loves every one of us, and why do I doubt it? God, please write on my heart this testament and this truth, I want to be enveloped with your love and see you throughout.

> May these words of my mouth and this meditation of my heart
> be pleasing in your sight, 
> Lord, my Rock and my Redeemer. Psalms 19:4

God I want you to be my rock and my redeemer. I find these words so powerful, that he is the thing that makes me something, a child of God. He is a constant and always there for me, my rock. May these words of my mouth and this meditation of my heart be pleaseing in your sight. I want this to be the prayer of my life. Wow I love this verse! This must be my lifeverse. God please help me to follow this. I want you, help me want you. I want you to be number one, and please help that to happen. Whatever happens in my life, I want you to be there as #1 always.

Let me lean on you indefinitely as my #1 savior, as the person who is there for me all the time. Let me see your face and see your blessings day by day. I want you to run my life, to be there all the time. This is my prayer.

