---
title: matthew 18
categories: devotional
tags: happiness religion
---

There are so many good nuggets of wisdom in this chapter, but if I were to pick one that really stuck out to me it would be the parable of the wandering sheep.

> 10 “See that you do not despise one of these little ones. For I tell you that their angels in heaven always see the face of my Father in heaven. 12 “What do you think? If a man owns a hundred sheep, and one of them wanders away, will he not leave the ninety-nine on the hills and go to look for the one that wandered off? 13 And if he finds it, truly I tell you, he is happier about that one sheep than about the ninety-nine that did not wander off. 14 In the same way your Father in heaven is not willing that any of these little ones should perish. Matthew 18: 10-14

I think I often forget how far God goes to make sure we are happy. I think happy is a very short term for what he wishes for us, but the joy that he has to love us and to care for each and everyone one of us is really crazy. In relationships on Earth, I think of my Dad, my brothers, my future wife, Juno, etc. In all of those relationships, I have and will fall in and out of love with each of these people. I know these people struggle with that with me. But God is the only constant in that, and as I have been let down, God can only remind me that he is the truth that I should find myself in.

**Prayer**

Dear God, as I enter the new year, continue to remind me of this, that things will truly only let me down. I can only find true happiness and love in you, and I want to get to know you. Please bury this in my heart and cement it in my heart as a prayer to you God. I'm so thankful for your love and blessing upon my life, for the new people I've met and who are helping me on my walk with you. I'm thankful for the fact that I am breathing and get to live another day today. Let me seek you in everything I do. Amen.