---
title: amos 5
categories: devotional
tags: religion
---

To be completely honest I think I've never read the book of Amos once, and it has never been a book I studied, so today's reading was especially hard to understand since it is a New Testament book. 

> 4This is what the Lordsays to Israel:“Seek me and live;5do not seek Bethel,do not go to Gilgal, do not journey to Beersheba.For Gilgal will surely go into exile,cand Bethel will be reduced to nothing. 6Seek the Lordand live,or he will sweep through the tribes of Joseph like a fire;it will devour them, and Bethel will have no one to quench it. Amos 5:4-6

This was a really interesting reading. I think that the biggest thing I got from it was that God really despises our sin, especially our inhumility and pride. I think knowing that as of this point in time God had not sent Jesus down, and there was no ultimate sacrifice for sin, God showed his anger towards sin much more passionately, because we were not clean at this time, and we were sinful. This just reminded me of how much God hates sin and how much we should be thanking Jesus day to day for his grace and mercy.

**Prayer**

God thank you for today and for a new day. Thank yoou for my healthy bowel system, I have to go poop right now haha. I once again pray for humility and a broken pride, so that I may serve those in your name by your help. I want you to use me and work through me, to make me want to want you. You can only do that for me, so make me want you God. Please guide me in humility as I continue to read your scripture.