---
title: luke 9
categories: devotional
tags: religion
---

> 46 An argument started among the disciples as to which of them would be the greatest. 47 Jesus, knowing their thoughts, took a little child and had him stand beside him. 48 Then he said to them, “Whoever welcomes this little child in my name welcomes me; and whoever welcomes me welcomes the one who sent me. For it is the one who is least among you all who is the greatest.” Luke 9:46-47

I really enjoyed reading this passage because it was a good reminder of how amazing God is. I was reassured of how "human" the disciples were, in the fact that they were arguing who would be the greatest out of the disciples. I am reminded that God's chosen disciples were even flawed and very much sinners of their time.

One thing that was really hard to understand and kind of troublesome to read was Jesus' response to a person who wants to follow him.

> 59 He said to another man, “Follow me.” But he replied, “Lord, first let me go and bury my father.” 60 Jesus said to him, “Let the dead bury their own dead, but you go and proclaim the kingdom of God.” Luke 9:59-60

Why is wanting to bury his Dad such a troublesome thing? I feel like although putting to rest your beloved dead is something that is for yourself and that other person, this is something that is deeply spiritual and important too. And under all of this is the subliminal message that you should never put anything before God. I understand that this is what is necessary and what God wants, but it makes me anxious to think that everyone should be second, including my parents and my brothers.

**Prayer**

God, today I am getting really nervous about what it means to follow you completely. I know I shouldn't feel this way, after all you are the creator of the world and there is nothing more important, but even still I feel anxious. Please help this go away and for it to go away through the acknowledgement that you are the most important and that my love for you should be the biggest thing in my life. Please put that want and desire in my heart God. Amen.