---
title: dilligence in faith
categories: diary
tags: happiness religion
---

>Blessed are those whose way is blameless, who walk in the way of the lord. Psalm 119:1

Today is one of the days of a testing of my dilligence in faith. Dilligence is something that is often hard for me, often I switch around with projects and can never keep still on one idea. Something is always distracting me and I allow it to do so. It feeds into my laziness and procrastination, and something that I have always tried to fix but never do so since it seems "inconvenient". Just some thoughts on my character for today.

I recently was exposed to COVID and I don't want to get it, I tested negative but seeing that I have a cold I feel like my compromised immune system will make sure I get it one way or another. I was dilligent at work, and I worked hard, but I want to quit. It's hard to explain because the boss is so nice, but makes bad business choices which make it much harder for the workers. I have to quit since none of my classes align, and I really just don't want to work there anymore.

I hung out with Juno and Duc, but those are two people I am having a hard time figuring out if they should be in my life or not. I feel like they are bad influences in some ways, but people that still genuinely care for me and want me to be happy in life. I have walked with Juno in pursuit of happiness since this year started, and I can't imagine being where I am without him.

But God teaches us to live a meaningful life, but not one with bad friends and influences, but only with him and those that follow him. I hope that I can find people like this in my life and I want to be evermore aware of this situation. I can only pray and ask God for wisdom, and that is what I find myself doing. I feel somewhat convicted to cut them out of my life but it seems so hard because they have always been a shoulder I can lean on.

I don't know the right decision, God knows, but I am having a hard time coming to terms with what God says and how it should apply to my life currently.

> How can a young man keep his way pure? By guarding it according to your word. Psalm 119:9

I guess the only way I can live a wise life is continuing to read the bible and spend lots of time in it, to really seek wisdom from the creator himself. I hope that I can figure this out sooner than later, and that God gives me a conviction for my actions.

Even though my friends may not be the best influences, I still belive God placed them in my life for a reason, and they are part of the reason I am still living and hopeful to have a relationship with God.

These blogs have been pretty religious but I think its what is important to me at the moment, wrestling with these ideas and how I can apply anything in my life. 

My prayer for myself today is -
> I am small and despised, yet I do not forget your precepts. Your righteousness is righteous forever and your law is true. Trouble and anguish have found me out, but your commandments are my delight. your testimonies are righteous forever; give me understanding that I may live. Psalm 119:141-144

The part where it says "that I may live" is more convicting, since God is life itself, and he has blessed me with it. Please let me live like I fully know this.

**Song of the Day: FRIENDS by lIlBOI and Wonstein**