---
title: psalms 24
categories: devotional
tags: religion
---

Today is a good day, and I am starting to feel more disciplined through this daily practice of reading God's word. please help me to keep with this practice, so that I might serve you better!

Today's verse was a reminder of how amazing God is. I think it is but impossible to really put into words the glory of God and how powerful he is. Sometimes we see him too often as a friend and as an equal. But more than a friend, he is our creator and our Lord.

> Who is he, this King of glory? The Lord Almighty— he is the King of glory. Psalms 24:10

When I think about God, I think about "our heavenly father". I relate him to my father by blood, and often make comparisons. But I realize that as they share some of the same characteristics, my Dad is not nearly perfect, and he knows that. Often I have found him falling out of love for me, and sometimes I just feel hated by him. God is not like that. God does not ignore our words and requests, and to my heavenly father, I am eternally grateful.

**Prayer**

Dear God thank you for this wonderful day. Thank you for helping me to make steps to becoming more productive, more responsible, and more disciplined. I pray for your guidance in this path so that I may become stronger in you and that I may become stronger health wise! I pray for you to make me want you, and to seek you throughout my daily life. I know I can do nothing without you, so please help me to do this. It is not my power, but your own in me. Amen.